---
layout: post
title:  Real life IRON MAN
img: post-2.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Blog, Idol]
author: Aniket
---
                                                      ELON MUSK
                                                      
Elon Musk is the most eligible individual to be referred as the saviour of the future earth. He’s a prodigy who chose a very vital field which will revolutionize the Earth for at least 200-300 years. This surely sounds as an exaggeration but me being the keenest follower and a sane individual you should take my word for it. Musk’s ready willingness to tackle impossible things has turned him into a deity in Silicon Valley. He’s the guy with electric cars, Solar panels, and Rockets peddling optimism. Forget Steve Jobs, Musk is the sci-fi guy which we see in movies. He’s a genius wired like a scientist and suffers mental anguish at the sight of factual error. A mistake done in a job would gnaw at his soul-FOREVER.

Since his birth he’s been brainstorming interminably. If we try to figuratively imagine his genius and determination nothing can look more insignificant than that. As a toddler, when normally one couldn’t fathom a word, Elon would often drift in his own world and ignore those around him. Doctors theorised that he might be hard of hearing and had his adenoid glands removed, which are believed to make toddlers deaf in some cases.

At tender age he started coding and wrote a game ‘Blastar’ making him a fortune of $1000 at just 12. Later achievements are more evident to the world namely X.com, Paypal, SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity, OpenAI etc. Elon invested every penny he got from PayPal sale to Ebay ($200 million), in SpaceX. No matter how unrealistic it was then perceived. He believed in it strongly. ‘BELIEVING’ is essentially the most important thing when you dream of something. SpaceX is the first successful Private space company of this volume. NASA got them a contract of ferrying ships of cargo to and fro to International Space Station. Tesla is the first successful Automobile company start-up in 111 years. Tesla makes all electric cars. Which were earlier perceived to be painfully slow and unappealing, it changed that conception. SolarCity provides more mobile solar energy used for domestic use.

Clean Energy, Space exploration and Clean transport. Musk had these 3 fields in mind, which he wanted to improve and revolutionise, since he was 15. Many people surely have some stupendous hypothesis, but seldom does someone dedicate so much for it. He works for 100+ hours a week to contribute for his goal. Elon is a philanthropist has chosen to give his blood and sweat against traditional power generation and wants to make it sustainable. People often resent about climate change but he is the one who denies any panacea and has decided to contribute. His aim is to kick-start a race to create a demand for solar and electric cars. He hates patents and has not issued a single patent on his innovations. His aim is to direct earth in the proclivity of sustainable future.

“The first step is to establish that something is possible; then probability will occur” -Elon Musk

                                     
